ECE tools 2002.1.5 Release (#8578)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/release-notes/ece-release-notes.md

{:.bs-callout-info}
See [Upgrades and patches]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-upgrade-parent.html) for information about updating to the latest release of the `{{site.data.var.ct}}` package.

## v2002.1.5
*Release date: {{ site.data.var.ece-release-date }}*<br/>

> -  {:.new}**Remote storage**—Added the [`REMOTE_STORAGE`]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/env/variables-deploy.html#remote_storage) environment variable to enable Cloud Projects for remote storage of media files using a storage service such as AWS S3.<!--MCLOUD-7153-->

Reviewer: Need comma

```suggestion
-  {:.new}**Remote storage**—Added the [`REMOTE_STORAGE`]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/env/variables-deploy.html#remote_storage) environment variable to enable Cloud Projects for remote storage of media files using a storage service, such as AWS S3.<!--MCLOUD-7153-->
```

> -  {:.new}**Flushing the opcache**—Added support for the `opcache.enable_cli` PHP option to flush the opcache before running the deploy hook. This configuration resets the cache configuration to ensure that the current configuration settings are applied on each deployment.<!--MCLOUD-7015-->

Reviewer: Looks like you are using the proper name here; if so, it may need to be caps. I'm not sure. I would expect all lowercase to be in code format, or to be an adjective before the word cache. Your choice.

```suggestion
-  {:.new}**Flushing the opcache**—Added support for the `opcache.enable_cli` PHP option to flush the OPcache before running the deploy hook. This configuration resets the cache configuration to ensure that the current configuration settings are applied on each deployment.<!--MCLOUD-7015-->
```

> -  {:.new}**Validation of Aurora DB**—Updated database service validation to be compatible with the Aurora database.<!--MCLOUD-7269-->

Reviewer: "to be" is on my hit list.

```suggestion
-  {:.new}**Validation of Aurora DB**—Updated the database service validation so that it is compatible with the Aurora database.<!--MCLOUD-7269-->
```

> -  {:.new}**New SCD_NO_PARENT configuration**—Added a new configuration—`SCD_NO_PARENT` (for Magento >=2.4.2)—to manage the generation of static content for parent themes.<!--MCLOUD-7284-->

Reviewer: This is typically defined as an Environment variable. You may want to look at how new Environment variables have been introduced in the release notes. Readers may be tuned to look for that.

-  {:.fix}**Memory limits and commands**—Fixed an issue where `php vendor/bin/ece-tools` commands would not work if the size of the `cloud.log` file exceeded the PHP memory_limit. Instead of reading the entire `cloud.log` file into memory, we now only read a smaller subset of data from the log file.<!--MCLOUD-7275--><!--MCLOUD-7400-->

> -  {:.fix}**Custom database connections**—Fixed a `.magento.env.yaml` configuration issue in which custom database connections defined for `DATABASE_CONFIGURATION` were not being used. The connection settings were not being added to `app/etc/env.php`.<!--MCLOUD-7426-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}**Custom database connections**—Fixed a `.magento.env.yaml` configuration issue in which custom database connections defined for `DATABASE_CONFIGURATION` were not used. The connection settings were not being added to `app/etc/env.php`.<!--MCLOUD-7426-->
```

-  {:.fix}**Empty error logs**—Fixed an issue that caused deployments to fail if the `cloud.error.log` was empty.<!--MCLOUD-7296-->

-  {:.fix}**MariaDB 10.3 validation**—Fixed validation of MariaDB 10.3 for Magento 2.3.6-p1.<!--MCLOUD-7416-->

> -  {:.fix}**Cache:flush logging**—Added additional log entries to indicate the start and finish of the `cache:flush` step.<!--MCLOUD-7503-->

Reviewer: Add add...
Here is a suggestion that agrees with your "fixed" icon.

```suggestion
-  {:.fix}**Cache:flush logging**—Improved log entries to indicate the start and finish of the `cache:flush` step.<!--MCLOUD-7503-->
```
